# ChromeProductivityExtension
The Focus chrome extension is a powerful productivity tool that encourages the user to keep a focused mindset while working. This extension allows the user to load their chosen distracting website, for instance YouTube, but instead of seeing the regular front page content video feed the user will be shown an inspirational image. Specifically, the image is of Hanauma Bay located in East Honolulu with an inspiring message that pushes them to achieve their goals.

What makes this extension truly powerful is that the user does not need to switch off the extension, in the chrome extension page, if they want to see the feed or search for a particular video. Additionally, because the user can turn off or suspend the extension at will there’s less of a psychological cost than if the site was fully blocked and unreachable.

Adding to this extension’s versatility is a host of dynamic functionality supplied by the extension’s popup that persist over the lifespan of the extension. First and foremost, the user has access to two toggle switches, one which controls whether the extension is on or off and the other which sets the popup theme as either dark mode or light mode. 
The next useful aspect of this extension are the two pause buttons on the popup. The first button pauses the extension once, and in doing so the pages contents are returned to the screen and removes the motivational placeholder image. The second always pause button removes the blocked content site from the list of sites that the extension will be active on and likewise returns the content to the website. 

Lastly, the user can set the range of time, that the extension should be active. The user does this by inputting two different times in the start and end time input boxes, and then pressing the accompanying set buttons.  
